OUTLANDER

SKILL PROFICIENCIES: Athletics, Survival
TOOL PROFICIENCIES: One type of musical instrument
LANGUAGES: +1
EQUIPMENT: Staff
           Hunting trap
           Trophy from an animal you killed
           Set of traveler's clothes
           Belt pouch containing 15gp
           
(d10) CHOICE OF ORIGIN:

            1 Forester
            2 Trapper
            3 Homesteader
            4 Guide
            5 Exile or Outcast
            6 Bounty Hunter
            7 Pilgrim
            8 Tribal Nomad
            9 Hunter-Gatherer
            10 Tribal Marauder

FEATURE: WANDERER
Can remember maps and geography, can always recall general layout of terrain, settlements and other features around you.
Can find food and fresh water for yourself and up to 5 other people each day (provided the land offers berries, small game, water etc)

SUGGESTED CHARACTERISTICS:

(d8) Personality Trait:
            1 I’m driven by a wanderlust that led me away from home.
            2 I watch over my friends as if they were a litter of newborn pups.
            3 I once ran twenty-five miles without stopping to warn to my clan of an approaching orc horde. I’d do it again if I had to.
            4 I have a lesson for every situation, drawn from observing nature.
            5 I place no stock in wealthy or well-mannered folk. Money and manners won’t save you from a hungry owlbear.
            6 I’m always picking things up, absently fiddling with them, and sometimes accidentally breaking them.
            7 I feel far more comfortable around animals than people.
            8 I was, in fact, raised by wolves.
            
(d6) Ideal:
            1 Change: Life is like the seasons, in constant change, and we must change with it. (Chaotic)
            2 Greater Good: It is each person’s responsibility to make the most happiness for the whole tribe. (Good)
            3 Honor: If I dishonor myself, I dishonor my whole clan. (Lawful)
            4 Might: The strongest are meant to rule. (Evil)
            5 Nature: The natural world is more important than all the constructs of civilization. (Neutral)
            6 Glory: I must earn glory in battle, for myself and my clan. (Any)
            
(d6) Bond:
            1 My family, clan, or tribe is the most important thing in my life, even when they are far from me.
            2 An injury to the unspoiled wilderness of my home is an injury to me.
            3 I will bring terrible wrath down on the evildoers who destroyed my homeland.
            4 I am the last of my tribe, and it is up to me to ensure their names enter legend.
            5 I suffer awful visions of a coming disaster and will do anything to prevent it.
            6 It is my duty to provide children to sustain my tribe.
            
(d6) Flaw:
            1 I am too enamored of ale, wine, and other intoxicants.
            2 There’s no room for caution in a life lived to the fullest.
            3 I remember every insult I’ve received and nurse a silent resentment toward anyone who’s ever wronged me.
            4 I am slow to trust members of other races, tribes, and societies.
            5 Violence is my answer to almost any challenge.
            6 Don’t expect me to save those who can’t save themselves. It is nature’s way that the strong thrive and the weak perish.
