CHARLATAN
SKIL PROFICIENCIES: Deception, Sleight of Hand
TOOL PROFICIENCIES: Disguise kit, forgery kit
EQUIPMENT:  Set of fine clothes
            Disguise kit
            Tools of the con of your choice (ten stopped bottles filled with colored liquid, a set of weighted dice, a deck of marked cards, or a signet ring of an imaginary duke)
            Belt pouch containing 15gp
  
(d6) CHOICE OF SCAM:
            1 I cheat at games of chance.
            2 I shave coins or forge documents.
            3 I insinuate myself into people's lives to prey on their weakness and secure their fortunes.
            4 I put on new identities like clothes.
            5 I run sleight-of-hand cons on street corners.
            6 I convince people that worthless junk is worth their hard-earned money.      

FEATURE: FALSE IDENTITY
Second identity, acquaintances and disguises. Forgery of official papers and personal letters (as long as you've seen an example of the document or handwriting)

SUGGESTED CHARACTERISTICS: 

(d8) Personality Trait:
            1 I fall in and out of love easily, and I'm always pursuing someone.
            2 I have a joke for every occasion, especially occasions where humor is inappropriate.
            3 Flattery is my preferred trick for getting what I want.
            4 I'm a born gambler who can't resist taking a risk for a potential payoff.
            5 I lie about almost everything, even when there's no good reason to.
            6 Sarcasm and insults are my weapon of choice.
            7 I keep multiple holy symbols on me and invoke whatever deity might come in useful at any given moment.
            8 I pocket anything I see that might have some value.
            
(d6) Ideal:
            1 Independence: I am a free spirit - no one tells me what to do. (Chaotic)
            2 Fairness: I never target people who can't afford to lose a few coins. (Lawful)
            3 Charity: I distribute the money I acquire to the people who really need it. (Good)
            4 Creativity: I never run the same con twice. (Chaotic)
            5 Friendship: Material goods come and go. Bonds of friendship last forever. (Good)
            6 Aspiration: I'm determined to make something of myself. (Any)
            
(d6) Bond:
            1 I fleeced the wrong person and must work to ensure that this individual never crosses paths with me or those I care about.
            2 I owe everything to my mentor - a horrible person who's probably rotting in jail somewhere.
            3 Somewhere out there, I have a child who doesn't know me. I'm making the world better for him or her.
            4 I come from a noble family, and one day I'll reclaim my lands and title from those who stole them from me.
            5 A powerful person killed someone I love. Some day soon, I'll have my revenge.
            6 I swindled and ruined a person who didn't deserve it. I seek to atone for my misdeeds but might never be able to forgive myself.
            
(d6) Flaw:
            1 I can't resist a pretty face.
            2 I'm always in debt. I spend my ill-gotten gains on decadent luxuries faster than I bring them in.
            3 I'm convinced that no one could ever fool me the way I fool others.
            4 I'm too greedy for my own good. I can't resist taking a risk if there's money involved.
            5 I can't resist swindling people who are more powerful than me.
            6 I hate to admit it and will hate myself for it, but I'll run and preserve my own hide if the going gets tough.
