ENTERTAINER

SKILL PROFICIENCIES: Acrobatics, Performance
TOOL PROFICIENCIES: Disguise kit, one type of a musical instrument
EQUIMPENT:  Musical Instrument (one of your choice)
            The favor of an admirer (love letter, lock of hair, or trinket)
            Costume
            Belt pouch containing 15gp
              
(d10) ENTERTAINER ROUTINES:
            1 Actor
            2 Dancer
            3 Fire-eater
            4 Jester
            5 Juggler
            6 Instrumentalist
            7 Poet
            8 Singer
            9 Storyteller
            10 Tumbler


FEATURE: BY POPULAR DEMAND
Can always find a place to perform with free lodging and food as long as you perform each night, popularity among strangers who've seen you perform.

SUGGESTED CHARACTERISTICS:

(d8) Personality trait:
            1 I know a story relevant to almost every situation.
            2 Whenever I come to a new place, I collect local rumors and spread gossip.
            3 I'm a hopeless romantic, always searching for that "special someone."
            4 Nobody stays angry at me or around me for long, since I can defuse any amount of tension.
            5 I love a good insult.
            6 I get bitter if I'm not the center of attention.
            7 I'll settle for nothing less than perfection.
            8 I change my mood or my mind as quickly as I change key in a song.
            
(d6) Ideal:
            1 Beauty: When I perform, I make the world better than it was. (Good)
            2 Tradition: The stories, legends and songs of the past must never be forgotten, for they teach us who we are. (Lawful)
            3 Creativity: The world is in need of new ideas and bold action. (Chaotic)
            4 Greed: I'm only in it for the money and fame. (Evil)
            5 People: I like seeing the smiles on people's faces when I perform. That's all that matters. (Neutral)
            6 Honesty: Art should reflect the soul; it should come from within and reveal who we really are. (Any)
            
(d6) Bond:
            1 My instrument is my most treasured possession, and it reminds me of someone I love.
            2 Someone stole my precious instrument, and someday I'll get it back.
            3 I want to become famous, whatever it takes.
            4 I idolize a hero of the old tales and measure my deeds against that person's.
            5 I will do anything to prove myself superior to my hated rival.
            6 I would do anything for the other members of my old troupe.
            
(d6) Flaw:
            1 I'll do anything to win fame and renown.
            2 I'm a sucker for a pretty face.
            3 A scandal prevents me from ever going home again. That kind of trouble seems to follow me around.
            4 I once satirized a noble who still wants my head. It was a mistake that I will likely repeat.
            5 I have trouble keeping my true feelings hidden. My sharp tongue lands me in trouble.
            6 Despite my best efforts, I am unreliable to my friends.
   

VARIANT ENTERTAINER: GLADIATOR
Used with popular demand feature, performs in pits, arenas (places that feature combat for entertainment)
You can replace the musical instrument with an inexpensive but unusual weapon.
